Message sent to server: hello
Message from server: Wake up Neo...  The Matrix has you...  (You're connected to Morpheus' server. Send me your ID to proceed.)

Message sent to server: 126771
Message from server: Hello Bagín Samuel I need you to do something for me...

Message sent to server: What is it?
Message from server: Please disconnect, then reprogram your software to display your name  including diacritics using the function SetConsoleOutputCP(CP_UTF8).  Display messages from me one letter at a time (wait a few milliseconds after each letter).Then reconnect and after reading this message send me the code 844848.

Message sent to server: 844848
Message from server: You sent me the correct code. Now disconnect and reprogram your software to show all my messages in green color and all your messages in blue color.If you don't know how, check the documentation for excercise 2.5.1. Then reconnect and send me the code 753422.

Message sent to server: 753422
Message from server: You sent me the correct code. Now send me the result of the following. Compute the sum of first 5 digits of your student ID, then divide it by the fifth digit and send me the remainder of the division. The operation must be programed using a function using the ID as an argument. It can't be hard-coded. WARNING - If the fifth digit is zero, use 9 instead. The result must be computed by your software! 

Message sent to server: 2
Message from server: You sent the correct remainder, now reprogram your software so that your messages will be displayed on the left side of the screen and mine on the right side of the screen. If you need advice check the documentation for excercise 2.5.2. MAKE SURE OF THIS - your messages must end before the half of the screen, mine start after it. No word can be divided across lines. After finishing reconnect and send me this code 333222334.

Message sent to server: 333222334
Message from server: You sent the correct code. In the next message send me the code 123; then I'll send you a cipher of length 148 created by XOR 55. Decipher it and follow the orders! If you need advice check the documentation for excercise 2.3.2.

Message sent to server: 123
Message from server: Secret message no. 777: Your partner Trinity is on GPS coordinates 27.988111052036142, 86.92496147100249. Are you willing to find out where she is?

Message sent to server: Mount Everest
Message from server: Trinity is endangered by Agent Smith! Send me the integral part of the first coordinate from previous ciphered message

Message sent to server: 27
Message from server: Correct coordinate. Send me the integral part of the second coordinate from previous ciphered message

Message sent to server: 86
Message from server: Correct. Send me the abbreviation of the detected object defined by the GPS coordinates in format X.Y. (all letters as capital letters)

Message sent to server: M.E.
Message from server: Yes, Trinity was near the Mount Everest, but agent Smith kidnapped her. Now, send me the string PRIMENUMBER. Then, you will receive a noisy message. Take every character on prime number letter positions (2,3,5...), and put these characters together to form a string and send me this string. ALERT! The string can not be hardcoded in your software, you must invent an algorithm for this to sharpen your analytical abilities in order to fight enemy agents better.

Message sent to server: PRIMENUMBER
Message from server: LOG.CHAT

Message sent to server: LOG.CHAT
Message from server: Correct. It is crucial to record all our communication and send it to Sion. Therefore, re-code your software to store all our communication to a file. It must be clear from the log who sent what. Then send me the string Trinity.

Message sent to server: Trinity
Message from server: Now you need to study the ship manuals to be able to save Trinity. The questions are in a foreign language. Post the correct reply as an answer. But must also be able to explain the topic and your answer! Here is the first one: Kolko bitov obsahuje integer pri datovom modeli LP32? (prednaska 2)

Message sent to server: 16
Message from server: Good one! Here is another one: Kolko kontrolnych bitov vyuziva Hammingov kod pri dlzke vystupneho kodu 8bitov vratane parity? (prednaska 2)

Message sent to server: 3
Message from server: Good answer, great job! For now, this is enough; if you've got this far and accomplished all the tasks you will have full score.  DO NOT SHARE YOUR CODE! EVERY YEAR THERE ARE AT LEAST 5 PLAGIARISTS DETECTED AND EXECUTED AS TRAITORS ON THIS MISSION (BLOCK 3). IF YOU WANT A BONUS MISSION FOR EXTRA POINTS SEND ME THE WORD BONUS.

Message sent to server: BONUS
Message from server: Here is the bonus task. Write a C program that simulates the fetch stage of the instruction cycle. Your program should consist of the following components: Define an array to represent the memory of the simulated computer. Assume a simple memory layout with a fixed size (e.g., 64 words). Implement a function named fetchInstruction that takes the program counter (PC) as an argument, fetches the instruction located at the specified memory address, and displays it. Write a separate function that initializes the memory with sample instructions, simulates the fetch stage by repeatedly fetching instructions from memory based on the program counter, and displays each fetched instruction. Hints: Use a loop to repeatedly fetch instructions until a halt condition is met (e.g., reaching the end of the program). You can use simple instructions such as NOP (no operation) or MOV (move data) for demonstration purposes. Ensure error handling for cases where the program counter exceeds the memory size.

